c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\signalT.dll.config
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\signalT.dll
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\signalT.pdb
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\obj\Debug\signalT.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\obj\Debug\signalT.dll
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\obj\Debug\signalT.pdb
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\williamcubillos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\signalT\signalT\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
